Y
life
[Music]
they call joy their origin dates
since pre- Columbian times and is one of
the products derived from amaranth
for 36 years every year the town of
santiago tulyehualco in the delegation
xochimilco celebrates a party in his
name where the producers of this
seed manage to market the sweets
and the derivatives of this plant but the
labor is not easy because the time
time between planting and
Harvest takes about a year
during which it is necessary to continue
promptly the entire procedure
and since the seed is born it is brought here to
hill to transpose also cultivates with
the animals to cover the root then
you put a lot so that the air does not
Quick
[Music]
the plant is left in November
December
so that the same early companions
they come and they put to close it the plant
[Music]
the plant is so strong that sometimes
be hitting with the brooms that
they have out there the guys do not loose
the seed then the
truly necessary this
the parts with the official feet
[Music]
after hard work comes the part
more expected the development of
sweets
[Music]
but
[Applause]
are the processes called joy because
already drunk and we were throwing rockets
we thank God
today the bad idea because here all
we go down
happy with images of víctor
figueroa dew alvarado the universal tv
[Music]